About Sonargaon University
Welcome to Sonargaon University
The Sonargaon University (SU) is one of the Bangladesh’s preeminent private university, approved by University Grants Commission (UGC) of Bangladesh and Bangladesh Government (GoB) and has been sponsored by Sonargaon University (SU) Trust. The Trust is registered, non-political, non-profit voluntary organization. The members of SU Trust are mostly eminent entrepreneur from academic arena, felt the need for a private university to bring quality education within the reach of students with modest economic means. The quality of our teaching and learning is underpinned by the best staff: student ratios. Our professors teach at every level as well as are engaged in ground-breaking research. Our work is audited regularly by the University Grants Commission (UGC) of Bangladesh and we have been supported by a strong Academic Advisory Council.
We are launching younzg people into a boundless future or confronting the grand challenges of our time through undaunted research and scholarship. Ranked No. 4 as one of the highest Research funds spending private university in Bangladesh, published on the UGC Annual Report, 2018, besides in the last few years we have achieved National Award 2018 – a2i innovation competition, Asia Young Designer Award 2019, Best supporting Architecture school of Bangladesh, A3f Sustainable Design Award 2019, Shah Cement DOT Student Design Award 2019. The University educates more than 6000 students, since its commencement from 2012. We turn ideas into impact and transform lives and our world. For more about our impact, visit our Facebook Sonargaon University and website www.su.edu.bd.
So what defines our students, faculty and community members? The way we work all together. It’s not about the accomplishments of an individual; it’s what we can accomplish together. It is our believe that together we can create a world of good.
Join us on the journey.

About Admission Information
    Admissions Requirements:
    Under Graduate Programs:
    Minimum GPA of 2.5 (or second division) in SSC and HSC examinations (or their equivalent), or GCE/IGCE "O" Level in four subjects 
    A" Level in two subjects with minimum GPA of 2.50 in each exam (using scale of A=5, B=4, C=3, D=2, E=1), or Average 450 marks in GED with five subjects. 
    Admissions Requirements:
    Graduate Programs:
    A relevant undergraduate degree from a recognized university with a GPA of 2.5 or above on a scale of 4.0 Or
    A relevant Bachelor Degree with at least second divisions/classes in all previous exams.
 





